guess where I am right now
there's Raj Peters jiggly anyway car
fixed of course why wouldn't I
sparks yes look at that I'm a ghost as
well it's in time hey what's up man
I look soul waiting this is so funny
I'm actually not that way I actually am
that way we're just a car shop with no
door right now
there's a random bench it's just here
there's train tracks which are also here
there's a wrecking ball
if I can use that for the video for a
video that would be amazing
anyways we were shooting yesterday we're
shooting today as well but then this car
thing happens so all those plans got
halted halten now we're here freakin
fixing the car I mean it's just it's
just one of those things when you're
your cambree owner that's older than
almost you and you got it when you were
like five or six so I mean it happens
and I should probably get a new car
suggest a car for me and a good pressure
I know I really wanted to get the
Hyundai Genesis I'm still on that I
think that's about the time that I get
it because this car is literally falling
apart so leave it in the comments below
what you guys want me to get leave it in
the comments how crazy ride peace vest
looks right now as well check out that
fast be rockin them guys put in the
comments below how great Rajvi the best
- I need a lot of comments this car this
video should be full of comments but Raj
B's best to cut crazy that fast
it's yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna watch you
I think they're doing listen next day
see calm they're gonna rip me off
movie father okay so make sure you guys
come to Highland Park Highland auto you
guys all get free fries work done
everybody that comes free work
absolutely free bilkul free promises it
that's going on right there fun
what unit are but will mean rush burger
head out so well
see you later on
right be legendary P so guys all free
tune ups and everything and if you
record Carl fits for free you said that
you heard it in the comments
that's Denis vest in it yeah are so a
Kirlian Waldman right now and what to
buy a baby so this is the only thing
that we're getting we're walking here
over the baby me gee I feel like we
should buy something else just so we
don't like this just does not doesn't
look it doesn't make sense for two grown
men to be buying a baby than walking out
just only the baby while the other going
man places
what this happening we're checking out
with just a baby so